.TH ACCORDS-CONFIG "1" "October 2012" "CompatibleOne" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
accords\-config \- generate CompatibleOne accords platform configuration
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B accords\-config [xml] [host] [port] [publisher] [security] [monitoring]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
The configuration procedure will create the master configuration file for all of the components 
of the Accords platform and when security is active will generate the security configurations,
certificates and private keys for all the OCCI server modules comprising the system. In addition,
a collection of command scripts will be generated that are configured facilitating the use of 
the different components of the platform.
.PP
It will use \fBaccords.ini\fR file, either in the current working directory if
one is found or from \fB/etc/accords/\fR otherwise.
.PP
\fBOptional arguments\fR
.TP
\fBxml\fR
Specify the configuration file name. Defaults to \fBaccords.xml\fR.
.TP
\fBhost\fR
Specify the platform hostname. Defaults to \fBhttp://127.0.0.1\fR.
.TP
\fBport\fR
Specify the base port of the installation. Defaults to \fB8086\fR.
.TP
\fBpublisher\fR
Specify the publisher URL, following http://host:port scheme. Defaults to \fBhttp://127.0.0.1:8086\fR.
.TP
\fBsecurity\fR
If specified, enables the platform security. See the \fBSECURITY\fR section of \fBaccords(7)\fR for more informations.
.TP
\fBmonitoring\fR
If specified, enables the platform monitoring. See the \fBMONITORING\fR section of \fBaccords(7)\fR(7) for more informations.
.PP
\fBDefault behavior\fR
.TP
When launched without any argument, then the default will the:
.TP
accords-config accords.xml http://127.0.0.1 8086 http://127.0.0.1:8086
.SS "Exit status:"
.TP
0
if everything went OK,
.TP
1
if any problem is detected.
.SH AUTHOR
The CompatibleOne project.
.SH MANPAGE
Written by Alexandre Lissy <alissy@mandriva.com> for the CompatibleOne project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report CompatibleOne bugs to compatibleone@ow2.org
.br
CompatibleOne home page: <http://www.compatibleone.org>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2012 CompatibleOne.
License Apache 2.0.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
