.TH LS "1" "October 2012" "CompatibleOne" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
ls \- list directory contents
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ls
[\fIOPTION\fR]... [\fIFILE\fR]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
List information about the FILEs (the current directory by default).
Sort entries alphabetically if none of \fB\-cftuvSUX\fR nor \fB\-\-sort\fR is specified.
.PP
Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-all\fR
do not ignore entries starting with .
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
display this help and exit
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
output version information and exit
.PP
SIZE may be (or may be an integer optionally followed by) one of following:
KB 1000, K 1024, MB 1000*1000, M 1024*1024, and so on for G, T, P, E, Z, Y.
.PP
Using color to distinguish file types is disabled both by default and
with \fB\-\-color\fR=\fInever\fR.  With \fB\-\-color\fR=\fIauto\fR, ls emits color codes only when
standard output is connected to a terminal.  The LS_COLORS environment
variable can change the settings.  Use the dircolors command to set it.
.SS "Exit status:"
.TP
0
if OK,
.TP
1
if minor problems (e.g., cannot access subdirectory),
.TP
2
if serious trouble (e.g., cannot access command\-line argument).
.SH AUTHOR
The CompatibleOne project.
.SH MANPAGE
Written by Alexandre Lissy <alissy@mandriva.com> for the CompatibleOne project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report CompatibleOne bugs to compatibleone@ow2.org
.br
CompatibleOne home page: <http://www.compatibleone.org>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2012 CompatibleOne.
License Apache 2.0.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
