.TH CO-COMMAND "7" "October 2012" "CompatibleOne" "Platform"
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBco-command command service/uuid-of-service-instance...\fR
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
This script allows a provisioned service to be started, stopped or saved. The script expects
any number of command line parameters, the first of which must be one of the two keywords 
"start" or "stop". The subsequent parameters are to be valid service instance description
filenames in the service directory. The corresponding command will be performed on each of the 
service instance descriptions bringing all contracts of the service up or down as required.
.PP
\fBMandatory arguments\fR
.TP
\fBcommand\fR
Command to perform. It can be either \fBstart\fR or \fBstop\fR.
.TP
\fBservice/uuid-of-service-instance...\fR
Valid service instance description filenames in the service directory. The
corresponding command will be performed on each of the service instance
descriptions bringing all contracts of the service up or down as required.
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
The CompatibleOne project.
.SH MANPAGE
Most of this documents comes from the README of ACCORDS, wrote by Iain James Marshall.
Written by Alexandre Lissy <alissy@mandriva.com> for the CompatibleOne project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report CompatibleOne bugs to compatibleone@ow2.org
.br
CompatibleOne home page: <http://www.compatibleone.org>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2012 CompatibleOne.
License Apache 2.0.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
